[Music]
welcome to the breakdown when we break
down all the messed up [ __ ] now let me
first say this guys this movie is very
sad this movie isn't a joke or anything
to play around with but it's about the
true story of a girl named Carrie who
has a very terrible home life in very
terrible adults around her that make you
just lose faith in people
Carrie is a young British girl who lives
with her mother and father but whether
it be sexual abuse prostitution or
self-harm Carrie doesn't have a life
that kids deserve to have so final
warning this movie is about a child that
is abused and taken advantage of and
will include rape of a child and verbal
abuse if you want to see what happens
including all the messed up parts stay
tuned for the breakdown the movie starts
off with a man the father and a girl
Carrie singing in the car
they get on a boat looking around the
ocean and the cruise ships then we cut
to that girl at school after a
productive day of school Carrie goes
home only to hear her parents arguing
it's normal for her though but the
argument starts getting physical and the
mom kicks him out of the house which he
is definitely glad to have happen at
night rather than be sleep she is kept
up by the cries of her mother the next
day Carrie has a music presentation but
is happy to see her father there after
we cut - later that night and we see
Carrie is sitting by as the father plays
poker with his friends after the first
game the ante goes up and carries father
is broke so he asked his friend if he
can pay for him to get into the game as
a result of letting him borrow money
the father lets his friend borrow his
daughter the man brings Carrie away and
we don't see what happens we then cut to
her going to school once school is over
Carrie is the only one
and hearing to go home because any place
is better than going there then at home
carries mom finds dust on a cabinet
because she didn't clean enough
she starts tripping grabbing her
daughter and forcing her inside a
cabinet at night Carrie hears her mother
crying again but this time the mother
calls for her to come into the room
she goes in and the moms request isn't a
hug is to get or oh-six from her own
daughter the next day Carrie finds her
mom gone but this man here seems to be
her new companion his name is grim and
at a picnic it seems Carrie enjoys his
presence then we see Carrie is some type
of field day which family figures are
also a part of instead of her father
Graham is there participating which is
something Carrie is happy to see then
later Graham gives Carrie of prison
which is something Carrie hasn't gotten
before she opens it and we see it's a
dress she tries it on and comes
downstairs
joining the little party with all the
adults they are playing a game where
Carrie tells one of them to do something
once his grams turn to do something
Carrie is told to tell him to stand like
a statue she is then told to take off
his pants which is something she
definitely hesitates doing as what I
then the same person tells her to take
down his underpants
which leaves Carrie uncomfortable but
the adults are laughing then sadly we
see gram is on top of Carrie with tears
in her eyes this is a hard scene to
watch guys but basically he tells her
don't tell anybody about this and starts
to rape her as she cries well that was
the end of part 1 which is with this
creepy picture part 2 starts with Carrie
looking for her dad giving him the bills
and telling him that gram has been
sexually abusing her
dad is man now going home to beat ass he
breaks through a game and then breaks
through a window telling Carrie to go in
and unlock the door
Carrie goes through but falls down his
grandma the mother walk in grandma was
the door but it's in attacked for
sexually assaulting his daughter the dad
didn't leave saying it's not his job to
look after his [ __ ] of a daughter on
the floor Carrie grabs a shard of glass
cutting her arm multiple times with no
hesitation then the two locker into a
closet telling her don't ever tell
anybody about being raped again after a
couple of days the father picks up
Carrie and they drive around at night he
parks telling her to stand on the corner
forcing her to oblivious Lea prostitute
herself below jobs are 30 hand job for
25 no little girl should ever be doing
this then a random woman comes as Carrie
stands on the corner asking what she is
doing she figures out Carrie is being
pimped out and it's furious the only
issue is she isn't furious because a
little girl is being made into a
prostitute she is furious because this
is her corner and her pimp will be mad
the father grabs Carrie and they get out
of there then the father gets paid by a
trucker to get a [ __ ] from the little
girl after the deed she seems happy to
at least help out her father she goes
home going back to our room
discovering ground waiting there
possibly to have his way with her again
later we see Carrie watching TV but when
mom comes home she pretends to clean the
mom sees dude is though and slaps the
spirit out of Carrie she walks past a
mocking grim saying piss off but he lies
by saying she put her middle finger of
the moms chases her into her room and
Carrie isn't scared to talk bang the mom
drags her out and pushes her downstairs
which makes her to pass out part 2 ends
now again with that scary picture part
three starts with caring at the hospital
with
bruised ribs and a hurt leg the doctor
then talks to the mother saying Kerry
has quite heavy vaginal bleeding enough
to where the doctor suggests she see a
gynecologist
the mother things Kerry had a
miscarriage then we see Kerry cutting
off her hair in a wild manner which
makes her look like a boy condom after
class is over a teacher takes notice of
her wild hair she goes home
singing Graham bring loads of beer but
in response she turns around avoiding
going home we see her lay down in a
wooded area to sleep the next day that
teacher talks to Carrie about her not
doing their homework which she says is
because she watches too much TV
Carrie looks at a school board on
requesting that smart teacher who kind
of knew something was up at home she
finds a hotline poster for abused kids
okay guys so this scene is the scene
that definitely made me almost cry but
she uses a phone booth to call that
hotline but hangs up just as quick
Carrie calls that hotline again not
speaking at all into the phone
a woman with a soft voice talks telling
her don't be afraid answering every
question that Carrie has in her mind
difficult to speak
just take your time tell me about it
oh come on okay guys let me wipe away to
tears but we then see Carrie wandering
around a field and that teacher notices
her he runs to her and it seems she has
a bleeding wrist
he asked what is going on and she says
she can't go home then it seems Carrie
got some help
because these foster people read a paper
detailing the horse she had while at
home then carries about to be examined
by a gynecologist but Carrie doesn't
want to be touched there again then one
of those foster people brings Carrie to
a woman's house who will be her foster
parent one more good thing is that gram
is going to prison and she now has a new
home but don't put your cups down yet
guys later we see that Carrie vandalizes
her room multiple times as a result of
anger I guess then the foster people
meet with Carrie telling her that gram
actually is going to be set free and
won't be going to court for raping a
little girl because there wasn't enough
evidence the unfairness causes Carrie's
of vent eliezer room completely
destroying it and seeking privacy in a
corner part three ends with that creepy
pic again in part 4 stars with Carrie
being moved to a childcare home full of
lots of rowdy kids for some reason
though Carrie goes back to her mom's
house looking at people who she
shouldn't have to look at anymore we see
she comes back from this home with a
black eye and she takes up smoking
catching the attention of a pimp he uses
his words to get her to trust him
knowing exactly how she feels the pimp
brings Carrie in another - a hippie van
and she gets ready to give up her body
her first client wants full sex and the
man comes in to have sex with an
out-of-place 13-year old girl
later she goes back to the childcare
home and rice this on a mirror with
lipstick I guess this is what she thinks
she is
Carrie visits the teacher hoping to live
at his house the teacher is probably the
only person that Carrie enjoys another
day the teacher comes home finding
Carrie there who snuck in with a spare
key she's trying to hopefully stay with
him by cleaning he tells her that
there's a perfect place for her to go
but she isn't so receiving of the idea
then at the childcare home a childcare
worker comes in talking to her about
that degrading message she wrote on a
mirror then he starts looking at centric
moving closer and telling her exactly
the same thing that Graham said before
raping her again Kari is raped by a
person tax with helping children later
Kari visits the teacher believes after
seeing him talking to an old friend in
response she goes to the child care home
putting on a dress and getting ready to
prostitute herself she goes to the
trucking place where she allows herself
to be a prostitute so she can pay to
live in a better childcare place then
after collecting enough money she talks
to the foster lady to help her get in
but is rejected angry she takes all her
belongings from the childcare place she
is in now and catches a cab she goes to
the better area where the better
childcare places she offers her money
but is let in for free the nice woman
takes her to a new room giving nice
hospitality then we cut to this telling
us that Kari is taking time to trust
these people it seems like Kari can
finally take a break from being in hell
and the woman takes one look at Kari
with no exchange of words she sees
inside that this girl has been through
something kids should never have to be
through she gives Kari a hug and as they
embrace Kerry less all her grief out and
loud crying remember this is based on a
real story so not only did the bad
people get off free but Kerry is free
from hell the movie ends with Kerry
looking on and it's revealed she went to
study at a university well guys that
probably was one of the saddest movies
for me to ever talk about so far and is
in line with movies like the bunny game
in some of Larry Clark's movies well now
do we know that Kerry can rest easy
let's talk about the most disturbing and
most enjoy a moment in that spooky stuff
so upset before but I'll say it again
crimes against children or something
that I can't ignore many people believe
I'm desensitized to movies like this and
more but the reality is I just mentally
choose what affects me in these movies
but this movie will affect you no matter
what
Carrie was a 13 year old girl same age
as my little brother whose birthday was
today who suffered abuse from people
that were supposed to reject her the
mostess third moment is a tie between
the rape and the hotline phone call the
rape was hard to see especially since it
was a child when the phone call made me
almost start crying almost as much as
Lee's death the most enjoyment is the
ending when the woman embraces Carrie
who finally gets to let out her grief
not once in this movie that we actually
truly see her cry or let out her sadness
and it was good to expel that instead of
keeping it bottled up now I want to say
thank you guys for watching this video
and remember guys this is disturbing
breakdowns things got to get more
disturbing than usual hope you guys
enjoyed this video if you did consider
watching all these disturbing breakdowns
and this playlist on the right if you
have it so be it click on that pretty
spooky rice logo to subscribe today
thanks for watching
spooky out